<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>Preface</title>
  <meta content="a5c37297-8703-446f-8260-cea1f46e6468" name="EPB-UUID"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="frontmatter">
  <section epub:type="preface" role="doc-preface" id="preface" class="preface">
    <header>
      <h1>Preface</h1>
    </header>

    <p>What's in a name? What does it mean? Where did it come from? Is it just ink on paper? Is it just a box on a form to fill in? Does a famous person have the same surname as yourself? Whatever question you may have, ''seek and yea shall find''.</p>

    <p>The quest to find the meaning and history of my own family and family name was not for self glory, nor to attach my name to someone famous, but one of knowing how I came to be where I am today.</p>

    <p>I could have been born to a peasant farmer in Nepal, the son of a Baron with a castle in the Alpines, the son of a cane basket maker in Cambodia, the nephew of a film star. I was born fortunate to not have too much nor too little, but great in thirst for truth, or else known as the kid who ask 'where' and 'why' far too often. the glory of which I found goes to the fore-bearers who have been blessed to have endured through the ages, so that I have the opportunity to be, here, on the mountain of wisdom, and witness the blessings of life. So it is to those whom came before and to the Lord whom allowed it to be so.</p>

    <p>To those whom are reading thy notes, ask yourself this; You are born with a name which you are likely to carry around for the rest of your life. People will be calling you by this name and you will be writing it down on countless documents.</p>

    <ul>
      <li>Though how many people even know what what their forename or surname actually means?</li>

      <li>What have your ancestors endured for your surname and language to even exist?</li>

      <li>Do you have appreciation of being able to research and read about your forebearers?</li>

      <li>Why their name, which is also your name, should be important to you?</li>
    </ul>

    <p><q>A surname is an inheritance</q>. Not only is it hereditary it also comes with a story of the life of your ancestors, and how it came that you are here today. Where you are today is because of an accumulation of their effort and you are contributing to that driving force of life. When one is standing today is the results of hundreds of generations. The sacrifices they made and also their driving spirit of life.</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>